[QUEUES] Better async documentation for Queues (#10891)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/platform/javascript-apis.md

If the `queue()` function throws, or the promise returned by it or any of the promises passed to `waitUntil()` were rejected, then the entire batch will be considered a failure and will be retried according to the consumer's retry settings.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> `waitUntil()` is the only supported way to run tasks (such as logging or metrics calls) that resolve after a queue handler has completed. Promises that have not resolved by the time the queue handler returns may not complete and will not block completion of execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`waitUntil()` is the only supported method to run tasks (such as logging or metrics calls) that resolve after a queue handler has completed. Promises that have not resolved by the time the queue handler returns may not complete and will not block completion of execution. 
```

In service worker syntax, `event` provides the same fields and methods as `MessageBatch`, as defined below, in addition to [`waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil).

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> When performing async tasks in your queue handler that iterates through messages, ensure you use an asyncronous friendly version of iterating through your messages, for example: `for (const m of batch.messages)`or `await Promise.all(batch.messages.map(work))` allow for waiting for the results of asyncronous calls. `batch.messages.forEach()` does not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing asynchronous tasks in your queue handler that iterates through messages, use an asynchronous version of iterating through your messages. For example, `for (const m of batch.messages)`or `await Promise.all(batch.messages.map(work))` allow for waiting for the results of asynchronous calls. `batch.messages.forEach()` does not.
```
